Add docs for Analyze Embedded in DDL and new system variable (#22014)
pingcap/docs: ddl_embedded_analyze.md

Starting from v8.5.0, TiDB has improved heuristic comparisons between indexes and behaviors when statistics are missing. Still, in some complex scenarios, embedding `ANALYZE` in DDL is the best way to prevent plan changes. You can control whether to run embedded `ANALYZE` during index creation or reorganization with the system variable [`tidb_stats_update_during_ddl`](/system-variables.md#tidb_stats_update_during_ddl-new-in-v854-and-v900). The default value is `OFF`.

## `ADD INDEX` DDL

When `tidb_stats_update_during_ddl` is `ON`, executing [`ADD INDEX`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-add-index.md) automatically runs an embedded `ANALYZE` operation after the Reorg phase finishes. This `ANALYZE` operation collects statistics for the newly created index before the index becomes visible to users, and then `ADD INDEX` proceeds with its remaining phases.

> Considering that `ANALYZE` can take time, TiDB sets a timeout threshold based on the execution time of the first Reorg. If `ANALYZE` times out, `ADD INDEX` will stop waiting synchronously for `ANALYZE` to finish and will continue the subsequent process so that the index becomes visible earlier to users. This means the index statistics will be updated after `ANALYZE` completes asynchronously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Considering that `ANALYZE` can take time, TiDB sets a timeout threshold based on the execution time of the first Reorg. If `ANALYZE` times out, `ADD INDEX` stops waiting synchronously for `ANALYZE` to finish and continues the subsequent process, making the index visible earlier to users. This means the index statistics will be updated after `ANALYZE` completes asynchronously.
```

> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example:
```
